News from: New York Times: Business

List(The Potential Dark Side of a White-Hot Labor Market The strong job market may be about to take a turn for the worse. That could come to haunt those who made choices based on today’s conditions.Gabby Calvo, 18, left the business administration degree program at Nashville State Community College this year., Thefts, Fraud and Lawsuits at the World’s Biggest NFT Marketplace OpenSea, one of the highest-profile crypto start-ups, is facing a backlash over stolen and plagiarized nonfungible tokens.Chris Chapman said a flaw in OpenSea’s system had allowed a trader to buy his prized NFT for less than a third of the asking price., Biden to Pause New Solar Tariffs as White House Aims to Boost Adoption The Commerce Department had been considering whether to impose the tariffs as part of a trade case against Chinese companies.Solar panels being installed in Michigan., CNN Enters the Post-Jeff Zucker Era. Bye-Bye ‘Breaking News’ Banners. Chris Licht, the new CNN chairman, is encouraging a more nuanced approach to coverage. Some at the network are skeptical.Chris Licht, chief executive of CNN, told advertisers last month, “At a time where extremes are dominating cable news, we will seek to go a different way.”, Elon Musk Threatens to End Twitter Deal Without Information on Spam Accounts Mr. Musk’s lawyers said that Twitter was “actively resisting” his requests.Elon Musk filed a letter with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday in which his lawyers argued that Twitter was thwarting his attempts to obtain more information., Apple Unveils Software Updates for iOS 16 The company invited technologists and press to a kickoff for its annual developer conference at its Silicon Valley campus.In a prerecorded message, Tim Cook, Apple’s chief executive, addressed a crowd at the company’s annual developer conference on Monday., California’s Housing Crisis and the Fight Over 20 Townhomes  Suburban homeowners like Susan Kirsch are often blamed for worsening the nation’s housing crisis. That doesn’t mean she’s giving up her two-decade fight against 20 condos.Susan Kirsch in her backyard, just a few hundred feet from the site where Phil Richardson hopes to build a multi-unit housing development., Fossil-Fuel Shares Lead the Stock Market. How Awkward. If you want to make money in the market but also be a responsible citizen in a warming world, you’re in a tough spot. But there are some promising options, our columnist says., Do You Know Someone Who Believes in Conspiracy Theories? We Want to Hear About It. Share your experience if you, a friend or a family member believes or once believed in a popular conspiracy theory.A woman wore a “Q” hat at a rally for President Donald J. Trump in Wisconsin in 2020, a reference to the QAnon conspiracy theory., Roman Abramovich Is the Target of Court Filings to Seize Two Planes  In new court filings, the F.B.I. said it had traced the aircraft to the Russian oligarch despite the shell companies involved in their ownership.A Department of Justice task force that was established in March to go after assets belonging to Russian oligarchs has targeted Roman Abramovich., Axon Pauses Plans for Taser Drone as Ethics Board Members Resign After Axon announced plans for a Taser-equipped drone that it said could prevent mass shootings, nine members of the company’s ethics board stepped down.Nine members of Axon’s ethics board said the company had pushed its plans for a Taser-equipped drone “in a way that struck many of us as trading on the tragedy” of recent mass shootings., Punctuality Is Having a Moment “Fashionably late” falls out of fashion after more than two years of remote work, when, for many people, there was no good reason to be tardy., Britain Tests a 4-Day Workweek A six-month program involving thousands of workers across 70 companies in Britain will be the latest effort to assess the effects of a shorter workweek.Commuters in London on Monday, the first day of a six-month pilot program in Britain to test a four-day workweek., Mercedes-Benz Recalls Nearly 1 Million Vehicles Over Brake Issue The German carmaker said possible corrosion could cause the brakes in two of its S.U.V.s and in a luxury minivan model to malfunction.A Mercedes-Benz GL 450 at the New York Auto Show in 2012. The S.U.V. is one of the models affected by the recall., Biden v. Musk The President’s comment on Friday dismissing the billionaire entrepreneur is the latest barb in Biden’s unfortunate feud.Pointing fingers, Beijing Relaxes Covid Measures as Outbreak Fears Linger The Chinese capital relaxed pandemic rules at midnight on Monday, including a ban on dining in, after a partial lockdown that lasted more than a month.Diners at a restaurant in Beijing on Monday, after the government eased some of its coronavirus restrictions., Biden Has ‘Only Bad Options’ for Bringing Down Oil Prices The president’s trip to Saudi Arabia is unlikely to reduce oil and gasoline prices, and it is not clear that anything else he might do would work, either.An oil terminal at the seaport of Ras Tanura in Saudi Arabia., The Week in Business: Meta Changes Jobs growth continued to be strong. OPEC Plus announced that it would increase oil production. And a report on inflation in May is coming., In Elderly Americans, Rising Debt May Adversely Affect Health Research shows that debt has risen among older people, and those who owe are more likely to have multiple diagnosed illnesses., Baby Formula Plant That Shut Down and Fueled Crisis Restarts Production Abbott Nutrition said that its plant in Sturgis, Mich., resumed production of EleCare and other formulas on Saturday.The Abbott Nutrition baby formula plant in Sturgis, Mich., has restarted production., Ann Turner Cook, the Face of  Gerber Baby Food Products, Dies at 95 Her likeness as an infant has graced the labels on Gerber products for more than 90 years, though for decades her identity was not disclosed.Ann Turner Cook in 2004, with a copy of a charcoal drawing of her as an infant used on Gerber baby food products., The Office Monsters Are Trying to Claw Their Way Back to 2019 Some corporate leaders are grasping at whatever they can to get back to the way things were. But they might find themselves fighting a culture shift beyond their control.Goldman Sachs is among the companies closely tracking the time workers spend in the office., Apple Sees Virtual-Reality Headset as Its Next Big Thing The company has enlisted Hollywood directors like Jon Favreau to help its effort to create products that blend the physical and virtual worlds., For Truck Drivers Across the U.S., Major Change Is Approaching Fast As truck drivers are forced to adapt to increasing difficulties on the road, the support system that serves them is at risk of disappearing.The truck parking area at the Petro Travel Center in Ontario, Calif., Tesla to Cut 10% of Salaried Staff, Musk Tells Employees The electric carmaker has been growing fast in recent years, but Elon Musk, its chief executive, appears to be concerned about a weakening economy.Model Y cars at the opening ceremony for Tesla’s factory in Germany in March., Stellantis to Pay $300 Million to End an Emissions Case The carmaker’s U.S. division, formerly Fiat Chrysler, was accused of trying to evade federal standards. It pleaded guilty to a conspiracy charge.The Chrysler Technology Center near Detroit. The U.S. division of Stellantis, formerly Fiat Chrysler, manipulated software in some vehicles to pass emissions testing, prosecutors said. , What Sheryl Sandberg’s Exit Reveals About Women’s Progress in Tech Silicon Valley is losing one of its most visible, outspoken and powerful women. Any gains have been incremental at best.Sheryl Sandberg, Meta’s chief operating officer, said this week she was proud of the progress that women had made at the company., When Your Colleagues’ Mental Health Is on the Agenda A general awareness of how people are coping is one thing. Sharing specific personal details crosses a line., What Depp Trial Means for Media Companies’ Airing #MeToo Accusations Both the women making accusations, and the press when it publishes them, assume the considerable risk that comes with antagonizing the rich, powerful and litigious.The actress Amber Heard and her former husband, the actor Johnny Depp, at the defamation trial in Fairfax, Va., last month., Dave Clark, Amazon’s CEO of Consumer Business, Steps Down Dave Clark, who was also the architect of the company’s sprawling warehouse operations, said he would depart after 23 years.By expanding Amazon’s warehouse operations, Dave Clark oversaw one of the largest capital investments in corporate history., 21 Americans Infected With Monkeypox, C.D.C. Reports As the number of cases outside Africa approaches 800, governments are scrambling for a limited pool of vaccines and treatments with unclear effectiveness.A Bavarian Nordic lab in Germany. The company has produced a vaccine effective against monkeypox., Sanjay Shah, Suspected in a Nearly $2 Billion Danish Tax Scheme, Is Arrested Prosecutors believe Sanjay Shah was behind an elaborate scheme to cheat the Danish tax system.Sanjay Shah in 2020. Prosecutors in Denmark want to extradite him from the United Arab Emirates to face tax fraud charges., Why Adjustable-Rate Mortgages Are Still Risky The loans’ interest rates are initially low. But while some of their worst features are gone, their rates may still rise considerably over time., What’s Got Economists Rooting for a Slowdown With nearly twice as many open jobs as available workers and rising inflation, many economists and policymakers say a slowdown is just what the economy needs.A red-hot job market., Hiring Remains Strong Even as Fed Tries to Cool Economy The Labor Department reported 390,000 new jobs in May, as policymakers try to ease inflation without inducing a recession., Soaring Gas Prices: How People Are Responding “Good thing we’re not going very far.” Eight people, one gas station in Queens., Is ‘Greedflation’ Rewriting Economics, or Do Old Rules Still Apply? Economists and politicians are debating whether monopolistic companies are fueling inflation in ways that confound longstanding theory., Who Is Mark Zuckerberg’s New No. 2? It’s a Trick Question. Mr. Zuckerberg, Meta’s chief executive, has restructured his company so that he no longer has a top deputy.Sheryl Sandberg, Meta’s chief operating officer for the past 14 years, said this week that she would leave the company this fall., Social Security and Medicare Funds Improved, But the Long Term Is Dire The government released its annual reports on the financial health of the programs., Ford Plans 6,000 New Union Jobs in Three Midwestern States The automaker said the move would further its electric-vehicle goals. It may also defuse tensions with the U.A.W. ahead of contract talks next year.A 2022 Ford F-150 Lightning in production at the Dearborn Truck Plant in Dearborn, Mich., What Sheryl Sandberg’s ‘Lean In’ Has Meant to Women The high-profile executive’s decision to leave Meta is also a moment to reflect on the impact of her best-selling book and philosophy about success in the workplace.Sheryl Sandberg promoting the Japanese edition of her book “Lean In” in Tokyo in 2013., Jared Kushner Under Investigation Over Saudi Investment in New Firm The House Oversight Committee is seeking documents related to the $2 billion investment by a Saudi fund in the private equity firm started by Mr. Kushner, Donald Trump’s son-in-law and former adviser.During his time in government, Jared Kushner developed a close rapport with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, Saudi Arabia’s de facto leader., Nike Founder Phil Knight and a Dodgers Co-Owner Bid for Portland Trail Blazers The bid by Knight and Alan Smolinisky, a part owner of the Dodgers, tops $2 billion, according to people familiar with their proposal.Phil Knight, the founder of Nike., U.S. Technology, a Longtime Tool for Russia, Becomes a Vulnerability Global restrictions on sending advanced technology to Russia are hampering the country’s military capacity, U.S. officials say, though Russia has stockpiled American equipment for years., How Are You Coping With Inflation? We’d like to hear your story.A person pushes a shopping cart in a supermarket in New York City, U.S. in March., Fed Vice Chair Says Another Big Interest Rate Increase Could Come in September Lael Brainard, the vice chair of the Federal Reserve, said another big rate increase in September might be appropriate if inflation did not moderate., U.S. Imposes Sanctions on Yacht Company That Caters to Russian Elites The Treasury Department also identified four yachts as being linked to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia., Prosecutors Charge Former OpenSea Employee With Insider Trading The employee of OpenSea was released on $100,000 bail after pleading not guilty., The End of the Sandberg Era at Meta Sheryl Sandberg is leaving at a time when Meta’s C.E.O. and founder, Mark Zuckerberg, has begun an aggressive effort to take it in a new direction.“Have we gotten everything right? Absolutely not.”, Opec Plus Agrees to a Bigger Increase in Oil Supply The oil producers said they would raise by 50 percent a planned production increase, after U.S. lobbying to ease price pressures.Fuel trucks and storage tanks at an Aramco oil facility in Jiddah, Saudi Arabia., At Passionflix, Tosca Musk Streams Shows of ‘Toe Curling Yumminess’ Tosca Musk, Elon’s younger sister, is the force behind Passionflix, a streaming service dedicated to adaptations of romance novels and erotic fan fiction.Tosca Musk, who runs Passionflix, at a pajama party during the streaming service’s PassionCon last month., Japan’s Unlikely Rise to Luxury Car Dominance Car buyers once balked at paying $40,000 for a Japanese vehicle. Now the country’s cars are at the forefront of consumer trends.The new Acura Integra will be released in June at a starting price of about $32,000., Why SPACS Are Flailing as Market Conditions Shift  For a time, SPACs were the preferred way for companies to go public. But changing market conditions and the threat of regulation are making Wall Street lose its appetite., Why a Not-So-Hot Economy Might Be Good News As the Federal Reserve tries to rein in inflation without causing a recession, slower job creation and wage growth could be a plus.Commuters in Chicago last month. The Federal Reserve is trying to cool the economy without losing gains made during the recovery from the pandemic recession., Homeownership Remains the American Dream, Despite Challenges A new survey reveals that nearly three-quarters of Americans place owning a home above career, family and college as a sign of prosperity.Housing supply has not been able to keep up with demand, tightening the market for affordable homes., $5.8 Billion in Loans Will Be Forgiven for Corinthian Colleges Students The Education Department said it would wipe out the debts of 560,000 borrowers who had enrolled in the for-profit college chain, which collapsed in 2015.Everest College-City of Industry in California, part of Corinthian Colleges, in 2015, the year the chain closed., The Middlemen Helping Russian Oligarchs Get Superyachts and Villas They oversee the flow of billions of dollars from Putin-connected Russians to companies involved in superyachts and villas. They’ve drawn the attention of a U.S. task force., Two Former MGM Executives Take Leading Roles at Warner Bros. Pamela Abdy and Michael De Luca left MGM in April following its purchase by Amazon.Pamela Abdy and Michael De Luca will become co-chairs of a pandemic-weary movie division.)