News from: New York Times: Technology

List(Apple Unveils Software Updates for iOS 16 The company invited technologists and press to a kickoff for its annual developer conference at its Silicon Valley campus.In a prerecorded message, Tim Cook, Apple’s chief executive, addressed a crowd at the company’s annual developer conference on Monday., Elon Musk Threatens to End Twitter Deal Without Information on Spam Accounts Mr. Musk’s lawyers said that Twitter was “actively resisting” his requests.Elon Musk filed a letter with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday in which his lawyers argued that Twitter was thwarting his attempts to obtain more information., Thefts, Fraud and Lawsuits at the World’s Biggest NFT Marketplace OpenSea, one of the highest-profile crypto start-ups, is facing a backlash over stolen and plagiarized nonfungible tokens.Chris Chapman said a flaw in OpenSea’s system had allowed a trader to buy his prized NFT for less than a third of the asking price., What Sheryl Sandberg’s Exit Reveals About Women’s Progress in Tech Silicon Valley is losing one of its most visible, outspoken and powerful women. Any gains have been incremental at best.Sheryl Sandberg, Meta’s chief operating officer, said this week she was proud of the progress that women had made at the company., Axon Pauses Plans for Taser Drone as Ethics Board Members Resign After Axon announced plans for a Taser-equipped drone that it said could prevent mass shootings, nine members of the company’s ethics board stepped down.Nine members of Axon’s ethics board said the company had pushed its plans for a Taser-equipped drone “in a way that struck many of us as trading on the tragedy” of recent mass shootings., Tesla to Cut 10% of Salaried Staff, Musk Tells Employees The electric carmaker has been growing fast in recent years, but Elon Musk, its chief executive, appears to be concerned about a weakening economy.Model Y cars at the opening ceremony for Tesla’s factory in Germany in March., Dave Clark, Amazon’s CEO of Consumer Business, Steps Down Dave Clark, who was also the architect of the company’s sprawling warehouse operations, said he would depart after 23 years.By expanding Amazon’s warehouse operations, Dave Clark oversaw one of the largest capital investments in corporate history., Who Is Mark Zuckerberg’s New No. 2? It’s a Trick Question. Mr. Zuckerberg, Meta’s chief executive, has restructured his company so that he no longer has a top deputy.Sheryl Sandberg, Meta’s chief operating officer for the past 14 years, said this week that she would leave the company this fall., U.S. Technology, a Longtime Tool for Russia, Becomes a Vulnerability Global restrictions on sending advanced technology to Russia are hampering the country’s military capacity, U.S. officials say, though Russia has stockpiled American equipment for years., Sheryl Sandberg’s Legacy Sandberg transformed digital advertising and was a voice on big issues, but she also denied problems and deflected blame., Doctors Transplant Ear of Human Cells, Made by 3-D Printer 3DBio Therapeutics, a biotech company in Queens, said it had for the first time used 3-D printing to make a body part with a patient’s own cells., Sheryl Sandberg Steps Down From Facebook’s Parent Company, Meta The longtime chief operating officer of Facebook’s parent company, Ms. Sandberg has had a lower profile during Mark Zuckerberg’s pursuit of the so-called metaverse.Sheryl Sandberg, the chief operating officer of Meta, plans to remain on its board of directors after leaving her post in the fall., The Supreme Court vs. Social Media The court blocked a Texas law that would have forced large social media companies to publish all viewpoints., Elon Musk Tells Tesla and SpaceX Workers to Return to Office 40 Hours a Week In emails to workers at SpaceX and Tesla, Mr. Musk said they were required to spend a minimum of 40 hours a week in the office.In an email to SpaceX employees, Elon Musk said he would fire workers who did not spend “a minimum of 40 hours in the office per week.”, With Cameras on Every Phone, Will Broadway’s Nude Scenes Survive? Audiences are increasingly asked to lock their phones in pouches at comedy shows, concerts and some plays. But what happens onstage doesn’t always stay onstage.Audience members lock their phones in pouches at a comedy show at the Stand in New York. But even with precautions, video clips of jokes, performances, and even nude scenes sometimes show up online., 4 Quick Tips for Managing Email Overload on the Go Hate it or love it, your electronic inbox is still a popular point of contact and communication. Here’s how to keep it under control.Gmail and iOS Mail include several shortcuts to speed things up when you need to communicate by email — like message scheduling in Gmail, previews with iOS quick actions, fast-swipe deleting and Apple’s on-the-spot document scanning., Do You Know Someone Who Believes in Conspiracy Theories? We Want to Hear About It. Share your experience if you, a friend or a family member believes or once believed in a popular conspiracy theory.A woman wore a “Q” hat at a rally for President Donald J. Trump in Wisconsin in 2020, a reference to the QAnon conspiracy theory., Racist and Violent Ideas Jump From Web’s Fringes to Mainstream Sites Despite some efforts by the largest tech companies to limit the spread of hateful content, it often remains only a click or two away.A memorial near the Tops grocery store in Buffalo. , Drew Afualo, TikTok Star, Goes On a New York Breakfast Crawl A bagel, an iced latte, a berry tart and a conversation with the feminist firebrand about the ups and downs of online fame.Drew Afualo has a moment of self-affirmation at the Manhattan pastry shop Veniero’s., Supreme Court Blocks Texas Law Regulating Social Media Platforms The law, prompted by conservative complaints about censorship, prohibits big technology companies like Facebook and Twitter from removing posts based on the views they express.The case is pending before a federal appeals court and may return to the Supreme Court., It’s Doom Times in Tech Will this meltdown permanently damage the tech world, or is this one more temporary blip?, Cryptocurrency Firms Expand Physical Footprint in New York Cryptocurrency firms have been setting up or expanding office space in New York, but the recent market turbulence could hamper their longevity.Mike Fraietta, the founder of EmpireDAO, recently opened a co-working space for crypto entrepreneurs in a graffiti-covered building in Lower Manhattan., How Some States Are Combating Election Misinformation Ahead of Midterms Several states are putting more money and effort into combating false and misleading information about elections.A polling site in Powder Springs, Ga. Georgia’s secretary of state batted down election misinformation during his primary race, which he won last week., After a Bumper 2021, Companies Might Struggle to Increase Profits Businesses face headwinds as demand weakens, the Federal Reserve raises rates and government stimulus programs end.The New York Stock Exchange. Despite a shakeout in the markets, Wall Street analysts remain optimistic overall., Killer Asteroids Are Hiding in Plain Sight. A New Tool Helps Spot Them. Researchers have built an algorithm that can scan old astronomical images for unnoticed space rocks, helping to detect objects that could one day imperil Earth.)